here on the campus of Cal State
University Los Angeles about 50 students
have set up a Gaza solidarity encampment
uh on the campus it's a bit smaller than
some of the others but the students here
said that they are very committed to
what they're doing so far no uh efforts
have been made by the school
administration to uh set a deadline for
the students to disperse and police have
not been called in as elsewhere the
students here are demanding divestment
of the University from Israel
as well as uh the uh divestment from any
Us weapons makers now I spoke to a uh
spokesperson for the students earlier
asking her about what they thought about
the uh remarks President Biden made
earlier at a holocaust remembrance event
denouncing what he called a rising tide
of anti-Semitism and specifically
mentioning student protests in that
context Zionism does not equal Judaism
and we really want want to make that
very clear we are not anti-semitic we
are here because we care about
Palestinians and Palestinians are even
Semitic so we are not anti-semitic and
to villainize us this way is
heartbreaking from our
society the freedom later students held
a rally on campus to repeat their
demands and make their voices heard even
louder the student protest movement
across the country in solidarity with
Gaza appears to still be going strong
despite thousands of arrests and even as
Israel apparently has begun its military
operation against raava Rob Reynolds Al
jazer Los
Angeles make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer